you can make good burgers outside on the
grill but to make great burgers inside
or out you want to cook on a flattop or
a cast-iron skillet
I'm going to make two kinds of burgers
today the first is the kind you find in
bars and pubs and taverns it's about six
to eight ounces of meat made into a
patty you'll see all those little bits
of fat in there that's the most
important thing
80% meat 20% fat I'm going to take it to
about medium high we hear the sizzle and
everything is good the second kind of
hamburger is diner style it's flatter
it's lighter this is only a three and a
half or four ounces of meat and right
away I'm going to take a heavy spatula
and I'm going to commit this heresy I'm
going to press the burger down it's only
going to cook for about a minute and a
half on this side then I'm going to turn
it over we're going to season with a
little salt and a little pepper this
meat that I used was cold from the
fridge there's a lot of times where we
talk about letting me come to room
temperature before cooking it with
burgers that's not the case you want
those little studded bits of fat I
showed you to be nice and cold so then
they don't smear but that they actually
melt so now there's a good crust there
and the darkness is kind of beginning to
come up over the cliff and onto the
plateau at the top of the burger and I
just slide in and I turn it over very
easily boom and you can see this deep
crusting here all the way around the
burger there's a fancy scientific term
for that the my yard reaction meanwhile
our pattern burger is still cooking so I
think this first guy is just about ready
I'm going to take a bun oh man that
looks good
and put it right there
think we're about ready to turn this one
over so I slide under there and we turn
it so here we have the blank slate of
hamburgers this is the moment where you
add cheese if you're adding cheese in
order to get the cheese nice and melted
you want to add it the minute you turn
that burger over because you're not
going to touch it again until you pull
it off
this is one of the big issues with
hamburger cooking is that people want to
mess with it they want to touched and
when a prod don't do that allow the
burger to sit in the pan and allow the
fat to do its work within don't mess
with a hamburger too much and it'll love
you back all right so we pick it up and
that is a pretty luscious looking
hamburger of perfect size and
comportment that's American and there
you have it folks
two versions of an American classic the
diner style and the pub style both of
them cooked in a cast-iron pan